now that's a sight my optics long to see
for some time enjoy the moment
it may have cost us in the future no you
mean all the Energon we save for the ark
is gone there's barely enough left to
last a mega cycle we need to find more
Energon and quickly I have a hunch
Grimlock they know where to start
Grimlock he deserted us he left his
boast for a reason I want to know why
jazz and Cliffjumper are tracking him
now
closest I can get to grimlocks
last-known location until the Russ storm
clears up
it'll have to do sideswipe you ready
Cliffjumper always
run out to have too much fun without me
I just keep your channels open in case
the rescuers need some rescuing let's do
it
my sex is a chance objects barely
working keep moving
we got a fire cover through here
look out sideswipe this is jazz we're in
but stay close okay well zoom sideswipe
out dreams are over here
Jax that ships marking to match the one
that was stolen for the base this good
bad pretty black news
doesn't look very stable it's fine I got
the ship logs Grimlock did you he and
his team